<a name="AbstractDocumentView"></a>

## *AbstractDocumentView*
The base class for document view components. The document view components
create the basic markup, i.e. the <code>html</code> or <code>head</code> elements,
along with an element that will contain the view associated with the current
route.

Note that the document views are always rendered only at the server-side and
cannot be switched at the client-side. Because of this, the document view
component must be pure and cannot contain a state.

**Kind**: global abstract class  

* *[AbstractDocumentView](#AbstractDocumentView)*
    * **[.masterElementId](#AbstractDocumentView.masterElementId) ⇒ <code>string</code>**
    * *[.masterElementId](#AbstractDocumentView.masterElementId)*
    * *[.propTypes](#AbstractDocumentView.propTypes) ⇒ <code>Object</code>*
    * *[.contextTypes](#AbstractDocumentView.contextTypes)*


* * *

<a name="AbstractDocumentView.masterElementId"></a>

### **AbstractDocumentView.masterElementId ⇒ <code>string</code>**
Returns the ID of the element (the value of the <code>id</code> attribute)
generated by this component that will contain the rendered page view.

**Kind**: static abstract property of [<code>AbstractDocumentView</code>](#AbstractDocumentView)  
**Returns**: <code>string</code> - The ID of the element generated by this component that
        will contain the rendered page view.  

* * *

<a name="AbstractDocumentView.masterElementId"></a>

### *AbstractDocumentView.masterElementId*
Setter for the ID of the element (the value of the <code>id</code> attribute)
generated by this component that will contain the rendered page view.

This setter is used only for compatibility with the public class fields
and can only be used once per component.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>AbstractDocumentView</code>](#AbstractDocumentView)  

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| masterElementId | <code>string</code> | The ID of the element generated by this        component that will contain the rendered page view. |


* * *

<a name="AbstractDocumentView.propTypes"></a>

### *AbstractDocumentView.propTypes ⇒ <code>Object</code>*
Returns the expected types of the props passed to this component.

The <code>metaManager</code> is used to generate the <code>meta</code> tags in the
<code>head</code> and the content of the <code>title</code> element. The
<code>page</code> contains the rendered HTML of the current view. The
<code>revivalSettings</code> contains a JavaScript snippet that initializes
the configuration of the IMA platform at the client-side.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>AbstractDocumentView</code>](#AbstractDocumentView)  
**Returns**: <code>Object</code> - The expected
        types of the props passed to this component.  

* * *

<a name="AbstractDocumentView.contextTypes"></a>

### *AbstractDocumentView.contextTypes*
**Kind**: static property of [<code>AbstractDocumentView</code>](#AbstractDocumentView)  

* * *

